Farmer's Choice Breakfast
Three hotcakes or two slices of Brioche French toast. Served with two eggs cooked-to-order, hash browns, home fries or grits and choice of breakfast meat.

Double Meat Farmer's Choice Breakfast
Served with bacon and sausage, two eggs cooked-to-order, hash browns, home fries or grits. Served with your choice of three hotcakes or two slices of Brioche French toast. 

The Everything Breakfast
Featuring all your favorite breakfast meats, this bountiful dish includes three scrambled eggs, Bob Evans fresh sausage, hickory smoked ham, hardwood smoked bacon, tomatoes, cheddar cheese, hollandaise and scallions on a bed of hash browns. Served with our new griddled biscuit.

Fresh Start Combo
Egg whites, two silver dollar multigrain hotcakes and two turkey sausage links served with a side of fresh-cut fruit.

Buckeye Farmer's Choice Breakfast
Three Chocolate Peanut Butter Hotcakes. Served with two eggs cooked-to-order, hash browns, home fries or grits and choice of breakfast meat. Available in select Bob Evans locations.

Fruitful Farmer
Hotcakes or French toast topped with fresh strawberries and bananas. Two fresh-cracked eggs cooked to order, served with your choice of breakfast meat and hash browns, home fries or grits.

Pot Roast Hash
A hearty way to start the day: our slow-roasted pot roast, golden-brown home fries and shredded cheddar cheese are topped with two eggs* cooked-to-order and garnished with green onions. Served with choice of freshly-baked bread.

The Homestead Breakfast
Two eggs cooked-to-order, sausage gravy, choice of breakfast meat, hash browns, home fries or grits and choice of freshly-baked bread.

The Rise & Shine
Two farm fresh eggs cooked-to-order, premium breakfast meat, your choice of hash browns, home fries or grits and freshly-baked bread.

Classic Breakfast
Two hotcakes or one slice of Brioche French toast or two biscuits. Served with two eggs cooked-to-order and choice of breakfast meat.

Country Fried Steak & Farm Fresh Eggs
Topped with country gravy. Served with two eggs cooked-to-order, hash browns, home fries or grits and choice of freshly-baked bread.

Ham Biscuit Benedict
Our twist on the classic: a freshly-baked biscuit split and topped with Hickory-smoked ham, two eggs* cooked-to-order, hollandaise sauce and green onions. Served with fresh cut fruit and choice of hash browns or home fries.

Sirloin Steak & Farm Fresh Eggs
Served with two eggs cooked-to-order, hash browns, home fries or grits and choice of freshly-baked bread.